add guidance to using underscores or dots for dbt model naming (#4750)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sql-models.md

A SQL model is a `select` statement. Models are defined in `.sql` files (typically in your `models` directory):
- Each `.sql` file contains one model / `select` statement
- The model name is inherited from the filename.

> - Use underscores for model names for better compatibility and clarity (such as `model_without_dots`); avoid using dots to prevent potential issues with database interpretations (`model.with.dots`). 

Author: ```suggestion
- Use underscores for model names for better compatibility and clarity (such as `model_without_dots`); avoid using dots to prevent issues with the dbt Cloud parser and database interpretations (`model.with.dots`). 
```

> - Use underscores for model names for better compatibility and clarity (such as `model_without_dots`); avoid using dots to prevent issues with the dbt Cloud parser and database interpretations (`model.with.dots`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We strongly recommend using underscores for model names, not dots. For example, use `models/my_model.sql` instead of `models/my.model.sql`.
```

Author: thank you! tweaked it and brought the example out of parenthesis.
